hi one today I'm going to be showing you
how to make a natural way of making
example on simply dimple is where your
muscles by hand and simply example is
where a muscle great strength and makes
a loop where the skin goes into it gets
sucked in wait you smile I'm about the
rules or anyone do me my friend obsessed
them so there's a couple ways I guess
number one is to soccer hope at
half an hour the money's to get your
pinkies but I've got nails if you've got
no nails this is really good maybe your
thumbs yeah me too weak and just our
string bills have told everyone hi
everyone see I were to garden pool I've
glad to boo heal and yeah that's
actually not dimple out to our my
cheekbone I'm wit cheekbone goes over
down here connector actually inaudible
you're gonna smile like really smile and
you're gonna paint here not hard like to
type it our holiday for a while and then
you could so there's a three simple ways
of getting it simple if it doesn't work
you have to do it like over and over
over gay and that's just cuz your tea
your cheeks are really tough and they
don't want the first yeah bye talk about
my camera it looks like the whole rooms
moving I'm getting any a camera say um
on my different cap so please follow
campus at little rainbow little is li
lan oo ay I n be 0 W full three CHS a
set up and i'll be making a video um
next week to my birthday and i got a new
camera I don't look in your camera